docs/source/functions/clickBehavior.rst, before:

.. role:: trst-class
.. role:: trst-interface
.. role:: trst-function
.. role:: trst-property
.. role:: trst-property-desc
.. role:: trst-method
.. role:: trst-method-desc
.. role:: trst-parameter
.. role:: trst-type
.. role:: trst-type-parameter

.. _clickBehavior:

:trst-function:`clickBehavior`
==============================

:Call signature:
 .. rst-class:: trst-call-signature

  clickBehavior<A>(ann, config): void
:Type parameters:
 :trst-type-parameter:`A`

 .. rst-class:: trst-type-parameter-dl

   :Type constraint:
    .. rst-class:: trst-type-constraint
   
     A extends :ref:`Annotation<Annotation>` <:ref:`A<A>`>
   
:Parameters:
 :trst-parameter:`ann`

 .. rst-class:: trst-parameter-desc
 Empty comment

 .. rst-class:: trst-parameter-dl

   :Type:
    .. rst-class:: trst-type
   
     :ref:`A<A>` []
   
 :trst-parameter:`config`

 .. rst-class:: trst-parameter-desc
  

 .. rst-class:: trst-parameter-dl

   :Type:
    .. rst-class:: trst-type
   
     :ref:`ClickConfig<ClickConfig>` <:ref:`A<A>`>

Commit message:

API documentation should be more complete
I fixed a bug in TRST for function comments and tried to fill in all of
the gaps in missing doc comments.

docs/source/functions/clickBehavior.rst, after:

.. role:: trst-class
.. role:: trst-interface
.. role:: trst-function
.. role:: trst-property
.. role:: trst-property-desc
.. role:: trst-method
.. role:: trst-method-desc
.. role:: trst-parameter
.. role:: trst-type
.. role:: trst-type-parameter

.. _clickBehavior:

:trst-function:`clickBehavior`
==============================

.. rst-class:: trst-function-desc

Add a click behavior to a list of glyphs.

:Call signature:
 .. rst-class:: trst-call-signature

  clickBehavior<A>(ann, config): void
:Type parameters:
 :trst-type-parameter:`A`

 .. rst-class:: trst-type-parameter-dl

   :Type constraint:
    .. rst-class:: trst-type-constraint
   
     A extends :ref:`Annotation<Annotation>` <:ref:`A<A>`>
   
:Parameters:
 :trst-parameter:`ann`

 .. rst-class:: trst-parameter-desc
 Empty comment

 .. rst-class:: trst-parameter-dl

   :Type:
    .. rst-class:: trst-type
   
     :ref:`A<A>` []
   
 :trst-parameter:`config`

 .. rst-class:: trst-parameter-desc
  

 .. rst-class:: trst-parameter-dl

   :Type:
    .. rst-class:: trst-type
   
     :ref:`ClickConfig<ClickConfig>` <:ref:`A<A>`>
