docs/source/classes/BedAnnotation.rst, before:

.. role:: trst-class
.. role:: trst-interface
.. role:: trst-function
.. role:: trst-property
.. role:: trst-property-desc
.. role:: trst-method
.. role:: trst-method-desc
.. role:: trst-parameter
.. role:: trst-type
.. role:: trst-type-parameter

.. _BedAnnotation:

:trst-class:`BedAnnotation`
===========================

.. rst-class:: trst-class-desc

An Annotation definition for BED records.

:**Extends**:
 .. rst-class:: trst-extends

  :ref:`Annotation<Annotation>`

**Implements**
 .. rst-class:: trst-implements

  :ref:`OrientedAnnotation<OrientedAnnotation>`

Constructor
-----------

----

:Call signature:
 .. rst-class:: trst-call-signature

  new BedAnnotation(config): BedAnnotation
:Parameters:
 :trst-parameter:`config`

 .. rst-class:: trst-parameter-dl

   :Type:
    .. rst-class:: trst-type
   
     :ref:`BedAnnotationConfig<BedAnnotationConfig>`
   

Properties
----------

----

:trst-property:`id`
+++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

A unique identifier for an Annotation object. Currently, it is up to users to make sure that this field is uniquely assigned. SODA will not behave as intended if two distinct Annotations have the same id. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  string

:trst-property:`itemRgb`
++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  undefined | string

:trst-property:`name`
+++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  undefined | string

:trst-property:`orientation`
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

The orientation. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  :ref:`Orientation<Orientation>`

:trst-property:`score`
++++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  undefined | number

:trst-property:`thickEnd`
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  undefined | number

:trst-property:`thickStart`
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  undefined | number

:trst-property:`w`
++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

The width of the annotation in semantic coordinates. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  number

:trst-property:`x`
++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

The x position of the annotation in semantic coordinates (generally a position on a chromosome in base pairs) 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  number

:trst-property:`y`
++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

The y position of the annotation. This rarely has semantic meaning, and is probably used to prevent horizontal overlap or preserve clarity in the visualization. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  number

Methods
-------

----

:trst-method:`getW`
+++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-method-desc

Getter for the width. 
 

.. rst-class:: trst-method-field-list

:Call signature:
 .. rst-class:: trst-call-signature

  getW(): number

:trst-method:`getX`
+++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-method-desc

Getter for the x coordinate. 
 

.. rst-class:: trst-method-field-list

:Call signature:
 .. rst-class:: trst-call-signature

  getX(): number

:trst-method:`getX2`
++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-method-desc

Gets the x2 coordinate. 
 

.. rst-class:: trst-method-field-list

:Call signature:
 .. rst-class:: trst-call-signature

  getX2(): number

:trst-method:`setY`
+++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-method-desc

Sets the y coordinate. This exists largely to let the layout module be oblivious to the existence of AnnotationGroups. 
 

.. rst-class:: trst-method-field-list

:Call signature:
 .. rst-class:: trst-call-signature

  setY(y): void
:Parameters:
 :trst-parameter:`y`

 .. rst-class:: trst-parameter-dl

   :Type:
    .. rst-class:: trst-type
   
     number

Commit message:

API documentation should be more complete
I fixed a bug in TRST for function comments and tried to fill in all of
the gaps in missing doc comments.

docs/source/classes/BedAnnotation.rst, after:

.. role:: trst-class
.. role:: trst-interface
.. role:: trst-function
.. role:: trst-property
.. role:: trst-property-desc
.. role:: trst-method
.. role:: trst-method-desc
.. role:: trst-parameter
.. role:: trst-type
.. role:: trst-type-parameter

.. _BedAnnotation:

:trst-class:`BedAnnotation`
===========================

.. rst-class:: trst-class-desc

An Annotation definition for BED records. For more information on BED records, see https://genome.ucsc.edu/FAQ/FAQformat.html#format1.

:**Extends**:
 .. rst-class:: trst-extends

  :ref:`Annotation<Annotation>`

:**Implements**:
 .. rst-class:: trst-implements

  :ref:`OrientedAnnotation<OrientedAnnotation>`

Constructor
-----------

----

:Call signature:
 .. rst-class:: trst-call-signature

  new BedAnnotation(config): BedAnnotation
:Parameters:
 :trst-parameter:`config`

 .. rst-class:: trst-parameter-dl

   :Type:
    .. rst-class:: trst-type
   
     :ref:`BedAnnotationConfig<BedAnnotationConfig>`
   

Properties
----------

----

:trst-property:`id`
+++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

A unique identifier for an Annotation object. Currently, it is up to users to make sure that this field is uniquely assigned. SODA will not behave as intended if two distinct Annotations have the same id. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  string

:trst-property:`itemRgb`
++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

The color that the feature should be drawn. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  undefined | string

:trst-property:`name`
+++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

The name of the record. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  undefined | string

:trst-property:`orientation`
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

The orientation of the record. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  :ref:`Orientation<Orientation>`

:trst-property:`score`
++++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

The score of the record. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  undefined | number

:trst-property:`thickEnd`
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

The color that the feature should be drawn. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  undefined | number

:trst-property:`thickStart`
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

A BED field that describes at which coordinate the feature should stop being drawn "thickly." 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  undefined | number

:trst-property:`w`
++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

The width of the annotation in semantic coordinates. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  number

:trst-property:`x`
++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

The x position of the annotation in semantic coordinates (generally a position on a chromosome in base pairs) 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  number

:trst-property:`y`
++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

The y position of the annotation. This rarely has semantic meaning, and is probably used to prevent horizontal overlap or preserve clarity in the visualization. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  number

Methods
-------

----

:trst-method:`getW`
+++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-method-desc

Getter for the width. 
 

.. rst-class:: trst-method-field-list

:Call signature:
 .. rst-class:: trst-call-signature

  getW(): number

:trst-method:`getX`
+++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-method-desc

Getter for the x coordinate. 
 

.. rst-class:: trst-method-field-list

:Call signature:
 .. rst-class:: trst-call-signature

  getX(): number

:trst-method:`getX2`
++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-method-desc

Gets the x2 coordinate. 
 

.. rst-class:: trst-method-field-list

:Call signature:
 .. rst-class:: trst-call-signature

  getX2(): number

:trst-method:`setY`
+++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-method-desc

Sets the y coordinate. This exists largely to let the layout module be oblivious to the existence of AnnotationGroups. 
 

.. rst-class:: trst-method-field-list

:Call signature:
 .. rst-class:: trst-call-signature

  setY(y): void
:Parameters:
 :trst-parameter:`y`

 .. rst-class:: trst-parameter-dl

   :Type:
    .. rst-class:: trst-type
   
     number
