docs/source/guide/modules.rst, before:

.. _guide-modules:

Modules
=======

The following SODA modules provide a set of features that simplify and augment the process of rendering glyphs:

- :ref:`Parsing<parse>` - parsing routines and complementary Annotation extensions for GFF3 and BED data
- :ref:`Layout management<layout>` - defines glyph layouts that optimize for vertical space while preventing horizontal overlap
- :ref:`ID mapping<id-map>` - a module that maps Annotation objects to DOM elements
- :ref:`Zooming and panning<zoom>` - add realtime zooming and panning to Charts
- :ref:`Resizing<resize>` - a simple way to handle Chart response to browser resize events
- :ref:`Query management<query>` - a framework that helps manage data queries and the use of their responses to render glyphs
- :ref:`Multi-track management<track-rack>` - a framework that helps manage multi-track visualizations
- :ref:`Click behaviors<click>` - define the behavior executed when glyphs are clicked
- :ref:`Hover behaviors<hover>` - define the behavior executed when glyphs are hovered
- :ref:`Brush behaviors<brush>` - define the behavior executed when a brush selection is made in a chart

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2
    :hidden:

    modules/parse
    modules/layout
    modules/id-map
    modules/zoom
    modules/resize
    modules/query
    modules/track-rack
    modules/click
    modules/hover
    modules/brush

Commit message:

Added several pages for feature modules

docs/source/guide/modules.rst, after:

.. _guide-modules:

Modules
=======

.. warning::
    The development of these feature modules has been driven by our internal use cases at the Wheeler lab.
    This part of the API is the most likely to change.

The following SODA modules provide a set of features that simplify and augment the process of rendering glyphs:

- :ref:`Parsing<parse>` - parsing routines and complementary Annotation extensions for GFF3 and BED data
- :ref:`Layout management<layout>` - defines glyph layouts that optimize for vertical space while preventing horizontal overlap
- :ref:`ID mapping<id-map>` - a module that maps Annotation objects to DOM elements
- :ref:`Zooming and panning<zoom>` - add realtime zooming and panning to Charts
- :ref:`Resizing<resize>` - a simple way to handle Chart response to browser resize events
- :ref:`Query management<query>` - a framework that helps manage data queries and the use of their responses to render glyphs
- :ref:`Multi-track management<track-rack>` - a framework that helps manage multi-track visualizations
- :ref:`Click behaviors<click>` - define the behavior executed when glyphs are clicked
- :ref:`Hover behaviors<hover>` - define the behavior executed when glyphs are hovered
- :ref:`Brush behaviors<brush>` - define the behavior executed when a brush selection is made in a chart

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2
    :hidden:

    modules/parse
    modules/layout
    modules/id-map
    modules/zoom
    modules/resize
    modules/query
    modules/track-rack
    modules/click
    modules/hover
    modules/brush
