docs/source/interfaces/AnnotationGroupConfig.rst, before:

.. role:: trst-class
.. role:: trst-interface
.. role:: trst-function
.. role:: trst-property
.. role:: trst-property-desc
.. role:: trst-method
.. role:: trst-method-desc
.. role:: trst-parameter
.. role:: trst-type
.. role:: trst-type-parameter

.. _AnnotationGroupConfig:

:trst-interface:`AnnotationGroupConfig`
=======================================

:**Extends**:
 .. rst-class:: trst-extends

  :ref:`AnnotationConfig<AnnotationConfig>`

:Type parameters:
 :trst-type-parameter:`A`

 .. rst-class:: trst-type-parameter-dl

   :Type constraint:
    .. rst-class:: trst-type-constraint
   
     A extends :ref:`Annotation<Annotation>`
   
Properties
----------

----

:trst-property:`group`
++++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  undefined | :ref:`A<A>` []

:trst-property:`id`
+++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  string

:trst-property:`w`
++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  number

:trst-property:`x`
++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  number

:trst-property:`y`
++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  number

Commit message:

API documentation should be more complete
I fixed a bug in TRST for function comments and tried to fill in all of
the gaps in missing doc comments.

docs/source/interfaces/AnnotationGroupConfig.rst, after:

.. role:: trst-class
.. role:: trst-interface
.. role:: trst-function
.. role:: trst-property
.. role:: trst-property-desc
.. role:: trst-method
.. role:: trst-method-desc
.. role:: trst-parameter
.. role:: trst-type
.. role:: trst-type-parameter

.. _AnnotationGroupConfig:

:trst-interface:`AnnotationGroupConfig`
=======================================

.. rst-class:: trst-interface-desc

A simple interface that holds the arguments for an AnnotationGroup constructor.

:**Extends**:
 .. rst-class:: trst-extends

  :ref:`AnnotationConfig<AnnotationConfig>`

:Type parameters:
 :trst-type-parameter:`A`

 .. rst-class:: trst-type-parameter-dl

   :Type constraint:
    .. rst-class:: trst-type-constraint
   
     A extends :ref:`Annotation<Annotation>`
   
Properties
----------

----

:trst-property:`group`
++++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

A list of Annotations to initially fill the group with. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  undefined | :ref:`A<A>` []

:trst-property:`id`
+++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

A unique identifier for an Annotation object. Currently, it is up to users to make sure that this field is uniquely assigned. SODA will not behave as intended if two distinct Annotations have the same id. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  string

:trst-property:`w`
++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

The width of the annotation in semantic coordinates. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  number

:trst-property:`x`
++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

The x position of the annotation in semantic coordinates (generally a position on a chromosome in base pairs) 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  number

:trst-property:`y`
++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

The y position of the annotation. This rarely has semantic meaning, and is probably used to prevent horizontal overlap or preserve clarity in the visualization. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  number
