docs/source/interfaces/BarChartRenderParams.rst, before:

.. role:: trst-class
.. role:: trst-interface
.. role:: trst-function
.. role:: trst-property
.. role:: trst-property-desc
.. role:: trst-method
.. role:: trst-method-desc
.. role:: trst-parameter
.. role:: trst-type
.. role:: trst-type-parameter

.. _BarChartRenderParams:

:trst-interface:`BarChartRenderParams`
======================================

.. rst-class:: trst-interface-desc

A simple interface that holds the arguments for the BarChart render() method.

:**Extends**:
 .. rst-class:: trst-extends

  :ref:`TrackChartRenderParams<TrackChartRenderParams>`

Properties
----------

----

:trst-property:`data`
+++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  :ref:`PlotAnnotation<PlotAnnotation>`

:trst-property:`maxY`
+++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  undefined | number

:trst-property:`queryEnd`
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  number

:trst-property:`queryStart`
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  number

Commit message:

API documentation should be more complete
I fixed a bug in TRST for function comments and tried to fill in all of
the gaps in missing doc comments.

docs/source/interfaces/BarChartRenderParams.rst, after:

.. role:: trst-class
.. role:: trst-interface
.. role:: trst-function
.. role:: trst-property
.. role:: trst-property-desc
.. role:: trst-method
.. role:: trst-method-desc
.. role:: trst-parameter
.. role:: trst-type
.. role:: trst-type-parameter

.. _BarChartRenderParams:

:trst-interface:`BarChartRenderParams`
======================================

.. rst-class:: trst-interface-desc

A simple interface that holds the arguments for the BarChart render() method.

:**Extends**:
 .. rst-class:: trst-extends

  :ref:`TrackChartRenderParams<TrackChartRenderParams>`

Properties
----------

----

:trst-property:`data`
+++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-desc

The data that will be plotted. 
 
.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  :ref:`PlotAnnotation<PlotAnnotation>`

:trst-property:`maxY`
+++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  undefined | number

:trst-property:`queryEnd`
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  number

:trst-property:`queryStart`
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. rst-class:: trst-property-dl

:Type:
 .. rst-class:: trst-type

  number
